h1. Redmine Pureftpd User

This is a plugin for "Redmine":http://www.redmine.org that maintains a separate
user table with passwords encrypted by crypt(3).

That table can be queried by pureftpd.

h2. Installing

# Run +script/plugin install git://github.com/bytemine/redmine_pureftpd_user+
# Run +rake db:migrate_plugins+
# Restart your web server

h2. Usage

The plugin will transparently maintain the extra table.

Just point pureftpd to the +pureftpd_users+ table.

h2. Example pureftpd configuration

Here's an example pureftpd-mysql.conf:

<pre>
MYSQLSocket     /var/lib/mysql/mysql.sock
MYSQLUser       ftpuser
MYSQLPassword   insertyourpassword
MYSQLDatabase   your_redmine_database
MYSQLCrypt      crypt
MYSQLGetPW      SELECT password FROM pureftpd_users WHERE username="\L"
MYSQLDefaultUID 1000
MYSQLDefaultGID 1000
MYSQLGetDir     SELECT "/ftp"
</pre>

h2. Caveats

Since it's not possible to decrypt Redmine's user passwords (which is good),
it's not possible to create pureftpd users for existing user accounts.

You have to change the user's password to create a pureftpd user.

h2. Author

Bernd Ahlers <ahlers@bytemine.net>

h2. License

Copyright (c) 2009 bytemine

Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software for any
purpose with or without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above
copyright notice and this permission notice appear in all copies.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND THE AUTHOR DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES
WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR
ANY SPECIAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES
WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN
ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF
OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.
